Original Download Link: https://www.mediafire.com/file/bp8grvr8149czxp/FACEMAKER_1.7z/file

Original Samples Link: https://www.deviantart.com/erangot/art/CM-Samples-294559648
:: DOWNLOAD HERE! ::

Click Here to see some samples!

:bulletorange: IT DOESN'T WORK, WHAT SHOULD I DO?

:: Extract the FACEMAKER1.7z using WINRAR or any other extracting applications you have in your computer.
:: If you don't have Flash in your computer (the .swf file looks like a white icon);
- Right Click>Open With>Any browser that you are using (e.g., IE, Google Chrome, etc)

Don't hesitate to ask questions if it doesn't work for you still!

I know, it's a 50MB .swf file. It's because I've been trying but I just couldn't upload it directly to deviantArt. Please be patient because it's quite large, so it might take some time to download. But hey—I promise it's gonna be worth it! I'll probably update the link soon so everyone won't have to download.

:bulletorange: You don't need to ask permission to use the characters!

You may use them for your games, or as avatars, or you may post them anywhere but do credit me! Please include my username and a link-back to this maker once you post it. Also, show me your work afterwards! I'd really love to see them.

:bulletorange: HOW TO SAVE THE PICTURES TO YOUR COMPUTER:

1. In the right-upper portion of your keyboard, press the "Print Screen" button.

2. Open any photo-editing application, such as MS Paint.

3. On the Menu Bar, go to Edit > Paste. The keyboard shortcut for this is CTRL+v.

4. Save!

:bulletorange: CREDITS:
♥ *gen8 for her AnimeFaceMaker, that heavily inspired me to create one and also for reference for some of the items!
♥ ~KawaiiPandah for assisting me in my questions, and for her lovely tutorials!
♥ Google images for the free backgrounds!

April 8, 2012; From November 2008 after 4 years, there is a successor to Character Machine!

Finally! I'm able to finish this after a few months. Although there are a few bugs in there, I might be re-uploading this again for bug fixes or addition of items and such. By the way, I am welcoming suggestions!

So yay to the new version of Character Machine!
I had an attempt of creating a flash game similar to this, which is the original Character Machine v1.0 but then now I find this more as a scratch now, so I'm renaming this version the official v1.0. Because it's still a little buggy, I'm thinking of creating a full-body doll maker although it's definitely not gonna be soon from now!
