Thank you everyone for the warm welcome back! ^__^

Instructions: It may be a little irritating but you have to click, a lot! But once you get the hang of it the program is simple. To change hair colors be sure and click the same buttons more than once. And lots of things can move! Including eyelids and the glare in their eyes! The possibilities are endless! If anyone is having trouble I might just create a tutorial on how you can go about making things. I hope you like it! :D


About the program:
This is CAC which stands for Create a Character. I started this over two years ago. Yes 2 years! I’ve spent well over 100 hours (I stopped timing myself once it hit 100) working on this bit by bit. And it is still far from completed. At the time I originally created this there was nothing (from what I could find) on Deviantart that was very similar to the concept aside from the dress up games) but today I searched DA (briefly) and there are some somewhat similar concepts. But anyway I just wanted to say I didn’t copy anyone and this would have been more original if I submitted it back in 2007 which is the last time I worked on it.

I had a lot more I had planned to add to it, such as hats, horns, angel wings, lots of jewelry, different outfits, a variety of elf ears, halos, ect. I spent months planning/mapping it out but I just don’t have the time anymore. Maybe someday…

You can create some characters similar to those in Oh My Goddess and several other popular animes.

FAQ:
Q: May I use the character I create and post it on DA as a deviantID or as art?

Answer: Yes as long as credit and a link to this deviation is given. :)

Q: How do I print/keep the picture?

Answer: Screen capture (the Prt Scr button) with your computer or use certain programs.

Q: Why won’t you finish CAC?

Answer: Because my art and style has changed a lot since I originally created this. I have a life now lol.
And this was made using Actionscript 2.0 and I now use 3.0.

Q: May I alter this in Photoshop and draw extra props, ect?

Answer: By all means, have at it. :)
