At the beginning, move your mouse up and down in the center of the screen, there's a skip button to skip the intro in the upper middle of the window.

Money Secrets
$500 - Area 6 - Click the three mushrooms then click the frog when the fly is near it (Girl needs to be out of view)
$500 - Area 5 - Click the farthest coconut tree on the coconuts, wait for the boat to stop moving, click the nearest coconut tree to that (the one hanging to the right of the other) on those coconuts to make a cannon appear on the hill, once the boat is fully stopped click the cannon. (Girl needs to be out of view)
$200 - Area 3 - On the right of the screen (before the purchase menu slides out) click the small dab of snow separate from the rest of the upper snow patch.
$1000 - 5 Minutes of Gameplay
$2000 - 10 Minutes of Gameplay
$10.000 - 15 Minutes of Gameplay
$15,000 - 20 Minutes of Gameplay
$18,000 - 30 Minutes of Gameplay
$25,000 - 45 Minutes of Gameplay

Clothing Secrets:
Click above the bumps or near the ears on Hair Style 1 to change the ribbon colors.
Click the ties in Hair Style 5 to change the color.
Click the breast area with shirt 3 on to change through logos.
Click the breast area with shirt 4 on to change through logos
Click the knot of the tie with Secret Shirt 3 on to change the color
With Secret Bra 2, click the knot in the front to make it appear/disappear
With Regular Bra 3, Click near the center of the right (her left) cup or off to the left (but not the edge) of the left (her right) cup to make a flap appear over the center. Click that to make straps appear over the center, click those to make them disappear. Click the inner portions of her cups to return it to the regular bra setting for Bra 3.
Click the marks on Secret Helmet 1 right under and to the left or right of the center point of the cross to change the marking color.
Click anywhere from the eyes down (but not farther than the lowest part of the helmet) with Secret Helmet 3 on to fully shadow her face and give her glowing red eyes (change or remove helmets to change back)

Body Effects:
When braless, click the bottom curve of the left (her right) breast to make that breast bounce up alone.
When braless, click the right (her left) or left (her right) nipple to make her breasts bounce up.
When braless click the side of the right (her left) breast to make it push over to the left (her right) side.

Adult Secrets: *Note* Do these with no clothes on at all and are only available after they have been purchased in the shop. The shop flies in from the right side of the game when you move your mouse there. *End note*
Topless/Downless - Click the boob icon. Now go into underwear and click the red "x" to the right of the Bra and Pant section to remove the bra and panties.
Chest Chaos 1: Electricity - Click the Lightning bolt to activate. Click the right (her left) nipple to see a voltage box drop down. Click the lightning bolt to apply jumper cords to each of her nipples (automatic). Once applied, click on each of the ticks on the voltage dial (to the right of the lightning bolt) to increase intensity of the shock. Click the red "x" on the box to remove.
Chest Chaos 2: Invasion - Click the "Invasion" symbol to activate. Click a small bit above the right (her left) nipple to see a hand with something in it appear. Click the thing in in the hand to throw it at her breast. Click it before it falls off her breast or just let it fall off.
Chest Chaos 3: Madness - Click the madness symbol to activate. *note* You have to be very precise with this one so scale your girl in all the way. (Drag the slider on the bottom of the screen all the way to the right) Center your pointer on the right (her left) nipple and slowly move upward toward the edge of the nipple until it turns.
