Just testing my skills again. I made this program that creates some faces using many face parts ^^

The initial idea was to create a better facemaker to use on my games, because the original one is so limited. Then i created the backup code so i can change the face expressions of the characters without remaking the entire face. And the pre-made colors help me a lot!

People are confusing the things a little bit. I won't make an entire-body facemaker because that will have no utility to me. I just want the face-sets to use on my rpg games >_<.
if you want a entire-body facemaker, search for "dressup games" there are a lot of these arround here.

:bulletgreen::bulletgreen::bulletgreen:the parts were not made by me, i found them in several programs similar to mine. There are a lot of RPGmaker facemakers, so i don't know who made the original one x_x. So here is a flash version of it, with some different features.
So, this is what we got... XD
STOP MAILING ME ABOUT ART STEALERS, THEY'RE NOT ART STEALERS!!!!! actually, they might be, but they're not stealing anything that's owned by me XD
I will be worried if they steal the facemaker script to create another program and don't say this to me. :x I worked a lot on that code.

BTW, This means that you don't need to ask me for permission to use images created in this flash :)
feel free to use them as you wish :D
:bulletred: :bulletred: :bulletred: :bulletred: :bulletred: :bulletred: :bulletred: :bulletred: :bulletred: :bulletred: :bulletred: :bulletred: :bulletred: :bulletred: :bulletred:
And please, don't put copyright to me... just link back to the facemaker, or you can confuse more people about it. ^^
:bulletred: :bulletred: :bulletred: :bulletred: :bulletred: :bulletred: :bulletred: :bulletred: :bulletred: :bulletred: :bulletred: :bulletred: :bulletred: :bulletred: :bulletred:

Try to make yourself and press "output" to get the face code XD
Don't forget to press "OUTPUT code" BEFORE copying it, or the code you will copy will be the default face code (without colors and faceparts)
:bulletblue::bulletblue::bulletblue:The code is used to backup the faces you create. This way you can load them later to continue edditing.
FOR MORE INFO READ THE "HELP!" on the flash.

*EDIT2*
hm... i just recieved an e-mail with the following message:
"The original creator of the Facemaker program, plums, can be found at [http://umeumewoman.fc2web.com/] So please give credit to the original artist!"

so, if he's the original artist that created the original facemaker, here is the credit for him ^^

*EDIT AGAIN*
:bulletred:Please, don't comment only the code... say something that could help me to improve the facemaker or just say what you think about the program ^^
