The art David made for me was beyond gorgeous, but the sets were a but too, well, set-like to do any good matching. And the modern items really stood out. But I noticed on some of his sketches he had this vision of a most handsome, hip guy.. and I just wanted to take that into fruition. I'm happy to present the Hipster Maker, I do believe my first modern fashion male dress up game. You can create the boyfriend of your dreams, or recreate the fashionable men in your life, or on screen. The complex genetics from the prince are all there, as are all the beautiful hairstyles, but now with a bit more facial hair and classic hipster moustaches. There is a very extensive tattoo parlour, where you can completely cover your guy with american traditional tattoos. Most of the tats, plus some fonts and other assets were purchased from the most helpful Creative Market. And you might say, "But Ola, there's already some amazing Hipster dress ups out there." And you would be right. But this one updates for latest trends, such as retro 80s fabric patterns and color combinations! There are shirts, vests, sweaters and hoodies, all of which have extensive fabric customization. You can even layer an aztec print pocket on top of a low V neck t-shirt. The layering is quite complex, allowing you to fold dress shirt collars over sweaters, and sweater trim over jean jackets. The show selection includes boots, oxfords, sandals, sneakers and boat shoes. Top your gentleman with trucker hats, beanies and fedoras. The accessories are where the fun really gets started though! You can design a custom pair of eye glasses or shades. Decorate the neck with bowties, bolo ties, or classic ties. Keep your hipster warm with a lovely scarp selection, then strap on those suspenders (layers under vests). Where would the modern man be without man jewelry (manlery?). You can layer up to four chic necklaces, bracelets and even pierce his ears with gauges. Once you're done drag and dropping him a coffee cup and skateboard, click on the Check Mark to move to the backgrounds menu. Here you can place your hipster in some fitting locations, and of course, complete your pic with a filter! Enjoy :)
