Well, it was going to be reverse strip poker but I decided that rolling dice was far easier and essentially achieved the same result. This Flash stuff is easier than I thought, and loads of fun to do.

I have a few more ideas for things to try, but if any of you have good ideas for bondage games... let me know!

EDIT: A suggestion on how to play if you don't have any bondage or fetish gear, but do have eight pairs of tights/pantyhose and two clothes pegs/pins lying around (and for bonus points a vibrator, a pair of handcuffs and your own 	or your lover's used panties). Each time you lose a dice roll, refer to the list below.
1: Wear one pair of tights on your legs, like normal people do(!), with your favourite vibrating device inside but on a low setting.
2: Wear one pair of tights over your head like a bank robber. Make sure you look at your reflection and wonder if you'd be able to identify yourself in a suspect line-up at a police station.
3: Tie a pair of tights around your waist, with one leg going down between your legs and back up between your buttocks like a crotch rope (tight). AND if you're a guy, make sure it loops a couple of times around the base of your balls.
4: With the crotch of a pair of tights at your bum, use one leg to tie your right ankle to your right thigh, then the other leg to tie your left ankle to your left thigh.
5: Tie a pair of tights around your chest (one leg above boobs, one leg below) - even if you're a guy.
6: Loop a pair of tights through the rear of the crotch rope, and pull them up (very tightly) to just behind your neck and knot their thighs together there, before pulling the legs over your shoulders and tying the feet together around the loop from step 5 that went under your boobs (in the middle of your chest), pulling it upwards to squidge your breasts very nicely.
7: Tie a big knot in the crotch of a pair of tights (bonus points if you place your used panties inside the knot) and put it in your mouth, and tie the legs tightly behind your head (you'll have to pull it into your mouth since you've already got one pair of tights over your head).
8: Put a clothes peg on your left nipple.
9: Put a clothes peg on your right nipple.
10: Put one leg of a pair of tights over your head, making sure the spare leg is behind you (bonus points if you drop a pair of handcuffs into the spare leg). If using a vibrator, now's the time to see if you can put it on a higher setting. Then get both of your arms into the other leg, making sure it goes up past your elbows like a monoglove (and then put on the handcuffs). Then... happy struggling!
Erm... you did remember to put the handcuff key inside that last pair of tights, didn't you? Otherwise, you might need to go find some scissors if you can't rip your way out...
